Federalist
23 the necessity of a government as
energetic as the one proposed to the
preservation of the Union from the New
York packet Tuesday December 18th
1787 Hamilton to the people of the state
of New
York the necessity of a constitution at
least equally energetic with the one
proposed to the preservation of the
Union is the point at the examination of
which we are now
arrived this inquiry will naturally Dev
divide itself into three branches the
objects to be provided for by the
federal government the quantity of power
necessary to the accomplishment of those
objects the persons upon whom that power
ought to operate its distribution and
organization will more properly claim
our attention under the succeeding head
the principal purposes to be answered by
Union are these the common defense of
the members the preservation of the
public peace as well against internal
convulsions as external attacks the
regulation of Commerce with other
nations and between the states the
superintendence of our intercourse
political and commercial with foreign
countries the authorities essential to
the common defense are these to raise
armies to build and equip fleets to
prescribe rules for the government of
both to direct their operations to
provide for their support these Powers
ought to exist without limitation
because it is impossible to foresee or
Define the extent and variety of
national exigencies or the correspondent
extent and variety of the means which
may be necessary to satisfy them the
circumstances that endanger the safety
of nations are infinite and for this
reason no constitutional shackles can
wisely be imposed on the power to which
the care of it is committed this power
ought to be coextensive with all the
possible combinations of such
circumstances and ought to be under the
direction of the same councils which are
appointed to preside over the common
defense this is one of those truths
which to a correct and unprejudiced mind
carries its own evidence along with it
and may be obscured but cannot be made
pler by argument or reasoning it rests
upon axioms as simple as they are
Universal the means ought to be
proportioned to the end the persons from
whose agency the attainment of any end
is expected ought to possess the means
by which it is to be attained whether
there ought to be a federal government
entrusted with the care of the common
defense is a question in the first
instance open for discussion but the
moment it is decided in the affirmative
it will follow that that government
ought to be clothed with all the powers
requisite to complete execution of its
trust and unless it can be shown that
the circum ances which may affect the
public safety are reducible within
certain determinant limits unless the
contrary of this position can be fairly
and rationally disputed it must be
admitted as a necessary consequence that
there can be no limitation of that
Authority which is to provide for the
defense and protection of the community
in any matter essential to its efficacy
that is in any matter essential to the
formation direction or support of the
national forces defective as the present
Confederation has been proved to be this
principle appears to have been fully
recognized by the framers of it though
they have not made proper or adequate
Provisions for its exercise Congress
have an unlimited discretion to make
requisitions of men and money to govern
the Army and Navy to direct their
operations as their requisitions are
made constitutionally binding upon the
states who are in fact under the most
solemn obligations to furnish the
supplies required of them the intention
evidently was that the United States
should command whatever resources were
by them judg requisite to the common
defense and general
welfare it was presumed that a sense of
their true interests and a regard to the
dictates of good faith would be found
sufficient pledges for the punctual
performance of the duty of the members
to the federal head the experiment has
however demonstrated that this
expectation was ill-founded and illusory
and the observations made under the last
head will I imagine have sufficed to
convince the impartial and Discerning
that there is an absolute necessity for
an entire change in the first principles
of the system that if we are in Earnest
about giving the Union energy and
duration we must abandon the vain
project of legislating upon the states
in their Collective capacities we must
extend the laws of the federal
government to the individual citizens of
America we must discard the fallacious
scheme of quotas and requisitions as
equally impracticable and unjust the
result from all this is that the union
ought to be invested with full power to
Levy troops to build and equip fleets
and to raise the revenues which will be
required for the formation and support
of an Army and Navy in the customary and
ordinary modes practiced in other
governments
if the circumstances of our country are
such as to demand a compound instead of
a simple a Confederate instead of a sole
government the essential point which
will remain to be adjusted will be to
discriminate the objects as far as it
can be done which shall appertain to the
different provinces or Departments of
power allowing to each the most ample
Authority for fulfilling the objects
committed to its charge shall the union
be constituted the guardian of the
common safety are fleets and armies and
revenues necessary to this purpose the
government of the Union must be
empowered to pass all laws and to make
all regulations which have relation to
them the same must be the case in
respect to Commerce and to every other
matter to which its jurisdiction is
permitted to extend is the
administration of justice between the
citizens of the same state the proper
Department of the local governments
these must possess all the authorities
which are connected with this object and
with every other that may be allotted to
their particular cognizance and
Direction not to confer in each case a
degree of power commensurate to the end
which be to violate the most obvious
rules of prudence and propriety and
improvidently to trust the great
interests of the nation to hands which
are disabled from managing them with
Vigor and success who is likely to make
suitable Provisions for the Public
Defense as that body to which the
guardianship of the public safety is
confided which as the center of
information will best understand the
extent and urgency of the dangers that
threaten as the representative of the
whole will feel itself most deeply
interested in the preservation of every
part which from the respons ibility
implied in the duty assigned to it will
be most sensibly impressed with the
necessity of proper exertions and which
by the extensions of its Authority
throughout the states can alone
establish uniformity and concert in the
plans and measures by which the common
safety is to be secured is there not a
manifest inconsistency in devolving upon
the federal government the care of the
general defense and leaving the state
governments the effective Powers by
which it is to be provided for is not a
want of cooperation the infallible
consequence of such a system and will
not weakness disord order an undue
distribution of the burdens and
calamities of War an unnecessary and
intolerable increase of expense be its
natural and inevitable concomitant have
we not had unequivocal experience of its
effects in the course of the Revolution
which we have just accomplished every
view we take of the subject as candid
inquirers after truth will serve to
convince us that it is both unwise and
dangerous to deny the federal government
and unconfined Authority as to all those
objects which are entrusted to its
management it will indeed deserve the
most Vigilant and careful attention of
the people to see that it be modeled in
such a manner as to admit of its being
safely vested with the requisite Powers
if any plan which has been or may be
offered to our consideration should not
Upon A dispassionate inspection be found
to answer this description it ought to
be rejected a government the
constitution of which renders it unfit
to be trusted with all the powers which
a free people ought to delegate to any
government would be an unsafe and
improper depository of the national
interests wherever these can with
propriety be confided the coincident
Powers May safely accompany them this is
the True Result of all just reasoning
upon the subject and the adversaries of
the plan promulgated by the convention
ought to have confined themselves to
showing that the internal structures of
the proposed government was such as to
render it Unworthy of the confidence of
the people they ought not to have
wandered into inflammatory declamations
and unmeaning caval about the extent of
the powers the powers are not too extend
for the objects of federal
Administration or in other words for the
management of our national interests nor
can any satisfactory argument be framed
to show that they are chargeable with
such an excess if it be true as has been
insinuated by some of the writers on the
other side that the difficulty arises
from the nature of the thing and that
the extent of the country will not
permit us to form a government in which
such ample powers can safely be reposed
it would prove that we ought to contract
our views and resort to the expedient of
separate confederacies which will move
within more practicable spheres for the
absurdity must continually stare Us in
the face of confiding to a government
the direction of the most essential
national interests without daring to
trust it to the authorities which are
indispensable to their proper and
efficient management let us not attempt
to reconcile contradictions but firmly
Embrace a rational alternative I trust
however that the impracticability of one
General system cannot be shown I am
greatly mistaken if anything of weight
has yet been Advanced of this tendency
and I flatter myself that the
observations which have been made in the
course of these papers have served to
place the reverse of that position in as
clear a light as any matter still in the
womb of time and experience can be
susceptible of this at all events must
be evident that the very difficulty
itself drawn from the extent of the
country is the strongest argument in
favor of an energetic government for any
other can certainly never preserve the
union of so large an Empire if we
embrace the tenants of those who oppose
the adoption of the proposed
Constitution as the standard of our
political Creed we cannot fail to verify
the gloomy doctrines which predict the
impracticability of a national system
pervading entire limits of the present
Confederacy pus